team/README-TEAM.md, before:

# Team README - Post Demo Information 

# Post Demo Additions

1. Update support
2. Bracket support
3. Add XOR support


# Module Interfaces 

![interfaces](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/module-interfaces.png)

The `SimBlock` and `SimNetInfo` types are 


# Demos 
There are pre-written verilog files that can be used with VeriTINY along with their respective block diagrams below:

`Demo 1` - [Simple 1-bit AND Gate](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/and_gate.v)

![demo1](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/andgate.png)

`Demo 2` - [4 Bit Shift Register](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/shift_reg_next_state.v)

![demo2](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/shiftregister.png)

`Demo 3` - [Deca Lab 4 Finite State Machine](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/deca4-fsm.v)

![demo3](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/deca4fsm.png)



# Extensions

Commit message:

Add twos complement adder subtractor to demos

team/README-TEAM.md, after:

# Team README - Post Demo Information 

# Post Demo Additions

1. Update support
2. Bracket support
3. Add XOR support


# Module Interfaces 

![interfaces](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/module-interfaces.png)

The `SimBlock` and `SimNetInfo` types are 


# Demos 
There are pre-written verilog files that can be used with VeriTINY along with their respective block diagrams below:

`Demo 1` - [Simple 1-bit AND Gate](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/and_gate.v)

![demo1](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/andgate.png)

`Demo 2` - [4 Bit Shift Register](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/shift_reg_next_state.v)

![demo2](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/shiftregister.png)

`Demo 3` - [Deca Lab 4 Finite State Machine](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/demo-files/deca4-fsm.v)

![demo3](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/deca4fsm.png)

`Demo 4` - [Twos Complement Adder Subtractor](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/adder_subtractor.v) 
Information on this circuit can be found [here](http://www.yilectronics.com/Courses/ENGR338L/ENGR338L_2017f/StudentLabs/htregillus/FinalProject.html)

![demo4](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/hlp2020-verilog2/blob/team-README/team/readme-screenshots/adder-subtractor.png)

# Extensions
